Oops, the commander can't see his fingers
What's the matter with me?
The future is a battlefield
I'm afraid I'll die someday.
I haven't had time to express my heart yet
Ma Liang, I don't want to regret
What do you mean?
Do you want to confess to me?
That's right, you've been procrastinating.
This thing
I'll do it.
You weren't stimulated, were you?
You weren't like this before
Ma Liang
I was scared.
I'm afraid I didn't have time to say it
We are yin and yang
As a child I always fantasized about
My husband could be a great hero
Can do it yourself
Put on the phoenix crown Xia Pei for me
Ma Liang
This is my temperature.
Can you feel it?
Will you be my hero?
You will do it for me
Do you want to wear this phoenix crown yourself?
Sophie
Ma Liang
Um, no.
Sophie
I don't want to
I'm nervous, I do
so-called
I won't let you down.
I would.